README.md, before:

# Notes Seperator
Notes Seperator Project under Machine Leanring Department of **Developer Students Club - IIT Patna**.

## Motivation
Generally, during exams we take many images from notes of other people to study from. And once exams are over, it is a tedious job to find each of the images again and delete them one by one from our gallery.
This is the very motivation for this project - To develop an algorithm that can classify a given image as "image from notes" and "image not from notes".

## Aim
The aim of the project is to autonomously detect whether a given image taken from some notes or not. To achieve this, we will use **Convolutional Neural Networks** as our tool.
We will be using different CNN architectures and choose the one with maximum accuracy parameters.

![](https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQ4xUyot0A495vomnp-aAmH7OCrV9AFDQhcoEr2JTmVV0ASl-C7PA)    **Image not from notes**


![](https://qrfellows.files.wordpress.com/2013/11/20120621_1107271.jpg?w=225&h=300)    **Image from notes**

## Prerequisites
1. Basic Deep Learning concepts.
2. Basics of Convolutional Neural Networks.
3. Tools
* [Python](https://www.python.org/)
* [Tensorflow](https://www.tensorflow.org/)
* [Keras](https://keras.io/)
* Basic python libraries used in ML ([Scikit-learn](https://scikit-learn.org/), [Pandas](https://pandas.pydata.org/), [Matplotlib](https://matplotlib.org/), [Seaborn](https://seaborn.pydata.org/)).

## Resources
Plenty of resources can be found at [this link](https://aquarius31.github.io/ml/).

## Further Works
Further we may deploy the model on Google’s API or make an app that will automatically detect such images and will remove from your phone.

## Communication

Our chat channel is to be found on Gitter [here](https://gitter.im/dsciitpatna/NotesSeparator?utm_source=share-link&utm_medium=link&utm_campaign=share-link)

## Mentors
* [Piyush Tiwary](https://github.com/aquarius31).
* [Anubhav Jangra](https://github.com/love-san).
* [Shreyash Gedkar](https://github.com/shreyash8).
* [Rahul Grover](https://github.com/rahulgrover99).

Commit message:

Added Impact section in readme

README.md, after:

# Notes Seperator
Notes Seperator Project under Machine Leanring Department of **Developer Students Club - IIT Patna**.

## Motivation
Generally, during exams we take many images from notes of other people to study from. And once exams are over, it is a tedious job to find each of the images again and delete them one by one from our gallery.
This is the very motivation for this project - To develop an algorithm that can classify a given image as "image from notes" and "image not from notes".

## Impact
This project will help students to automatically remove images of notes from there gallery automatically without the user looking for any particular image .

## Aim
The aim of the project is to autonomously detect whether a given image taken from some notes or not. To achieve this, we will use **Convolutional Neural Networks** as our tool.
We will be using different CNN architectures and choose the one with maximum accuracy parameters.

![](https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQ4xUyot0A495vomnp-aAmH7OCrV9AFDQhcoEr2JTmVV0ASl-C7PA)    **Image not from notes**


![](https://qrfellows.files.wordpress.com/2013/11/20120621_1107271.jpg?w=225&h=300)    **Image from notes**

## Prerequisites
1. Basic Deep Learning concepts.
2. Basics of Convolutional Neural Networks.
3. Tools
* [Python](https://www.python.org/)
* [Tensorflow](https://www.tensorflow.org/)
* [Keras](https://keras.io/)
* Basic python libraries used in ML ([Scikit-learn](https://scikit-learn.org/), [Pandas](https://pandas.pydata.org/), [Matplotlib](https://matplotlib.org/), [Seaborn](https://seaborn.pydata.org/)).

## Resources
Plenty of resources can be found at [this link](https://aquarius31.github.io/ml/).

## Further Works
Further we may deploy the model on Google’s API or make an app that will automatically detect such images and will remove from your phone.

## Communication

Our chat channel is to be found on Gitter [here](https://gitter.im/dsciitpatna/NotesSeparator?utm_source=share-link&utm_medium=link&utm_campaign=share-link)

## Mentors
* [Piyush Tiwary](https://github.com/aquarius31).
* [Anubhav Jangra](https://github.com/love-san).
* [Shreyash Gedkar](https://github.com/shreyash8).
* [Rahul Grover](https://github.com/rahulgrover99).
